[SDK-673] iOS 14 locations docs updates (#1395)
Appboy/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/ios/advanced_use_cases/locations_and_geofences.md

2. Braze Geofences [must be enabled][1] through the SDK either implicitly by enabling location collection or explicitly by enabling geofence collection. They are not enabled by default.

> __Note:__ Geofences will not work for users who give Approximate Location permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% alert important %}
As of iOS 14, Geofences does not work for users who choose to give their Approximate Location permission.
{% endalert %}
```
